added an exception if Dockerfile exists (#928)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added support for *prev-ver* flag in **update-release-notes** command.
* Improved retry support when building docker images for linting.
* Added the *--skip-id-set-creation* flag to **validate** command in order to add the capability to run validate command without creating id_set validation.

> * Fixed an issue with existing Dockerfile in the **lint** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where an existing Dockerfile would raise an error in the **lint** command.
```
